# Restaurant Webpage

This project showcases the use of Webpack for bundling JavaScript modules and managing dependencies. It provides a basic setup for building and organizing a JavaScript project using Webpack.

## Project Overview

The project consists of the following files and directories:

- `src/`: This directory contains the source code files for your project.
  - `index.js`: The main entry point of the application.
- `dist/`: This directory is automatically generated by Webpack and contains the bundled and optimized JavaScript files.
- `webpack.config.js`: The configuration file for Webpack, where you can define entry points, output file settings, and other customizations.

## Getting Started

To get started with this project, follow the instructions below.

### Prerequisites

Make sure you have Node.js and npm (Node Package Manager) installed on your machine.

### Installation

1. Clone the repository to your local machine using the following command:

git clone https://github.com/Its-Tanay/restaurant-webpage.git


2. Navigate to the project directory:

cd your-project


3. Install the project dependencies using npm:

npm install


### Build

To build the project and generate the bundled JavaScript file, use the following command:

npm run build


This will trigger the Webpack build process defined in the webpack.config.js file. The bundled JavaScript file will be outputted to the 'dist' directory.

### Development Server

During development, you can use the webpack-dev-server to serve your application. It provides live reloading and other useful features.

To start the development server, run the following command:

npm run dev


This will start the development server and open your application in the browser. Any changes you make to your source code will automatically trigger a rebuild and update the browser.

### Configuration

The project is configured using the webpack.config.js file. This file defines the entry point, output file, and other Webpack settings. You can customize this file according to your project's requirements.

## Project Usage

This project serves as a starting point for building JavaScript applications with Webpack. It demonstrates how to bundle multiple modules into a single file, manage dependencies, and optimize the final output for production.

Feel free to modify the source code in the 'src' directory according to your project's needs. You can add additional modules, stylesheets, or assets as required.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! If you find any issues or have suggestions for improvement, please open an issue or submit a pull request.



